# Research
With journalism and writing bring more a self regulated career for the most part it is very easy to get lost if you are not properly motivated. There are many ways to keep yourself on track and motivated. Classes are a little different, there are set deadline and assignments which if you don't complete you fail. In the work place you don't finish your work you lose your job. Even in a profession where their are no due dates the less work you do the less you get paid. There are always going to be setbacks. You need to figure out how to continue, learn and move forward. If you are working through life and have no goals but get going about your day like nothing else matters then you end up losing interest and passion for your profession. This is especially true when you are completing tasks that are self-regulated, or in a job that is just that.
Chang, C.-C., Liang, C., Chou, P.-N., & Liao, Y.-M. (2018). Using e-portfolio for learning goal setting to facilitate self-regulated learning of high school students. Behaviour & Information Technology, 37(12), 1237–1251. https://doi.org/10.1080/0144929X.2018.1496275
Going back to my point of learning fom your mistake, you do not have to do everything alone, there is a benefit to getting help or at least feedback to help you improve upon your work. Feedback can help you to get better it does' need to also been seen as a bad thing some feedback is positive and can highlight the good that you are doing. While we are in classes still there is sometimes no much flexability but after that we have more freedom and that can help a person find their strengths and weaknesses.
Oudkerk Pool, A., Jaarsma, A. D. C., essen, E. W., & Govaerts, M. J. B. (2020). Student perspectives on competency-based portfolios: Does a portfolio reflect their competence development? Perspectives on Medical Education, 9(3), 166–172. https://doi.org/10.1007/s40037-020-00571-7
